[Serve] Produtionize Starlette Middlewares (#10529)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced.rst

    handle = serve.get_handle("backend_name")
    handle.options(method_name="other_method").remote(5)

How do I enable CORS and other HTTP features?
---------------------------------------------

Serve supports arbitrary `Starlette middlewares <https://www.starlette.io/middleware/>`_

> and custom middlewares in Starlette format. For example, to enable Serve
> for `Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS>`_
> you can:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and custom middlewares in Starlette format. The example below shows how to enable
`Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS>`_.
You can follow the same pattern for other Starlette middlewares.

```

.. note::

>   Serve doesn't not list ``Starlette`` as one of its dependencies. To utilize this feature,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Serve does not list ``Starlette`` as one of its dependencies. To utilize this feature,
```
